Newphotosupdate (#9)
Okstate-WaDE/okstate-wade.github.io: _staff_members/harrison.md

---
name: Harrison Frazier
position: Undergraduate Research Assistant
image_path: images/harrison.png

> blurb: Harrison Frazier is working on an developing an online class on fundamental water resource concepts relevant to Oklahomans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blurb: Harrison is working on improving a 4-H soil moisture sensor activity. 
```
